you
hi guys you have ten minutes
draw your bikes okay only ten minutes a
little bit okay the blue
so how is it not to ban back not to Baba
lakeil we're taking the record it will
be more difficult to convince him what
do you think like you
actually it's not so bad it is
suspension yeah yeah all its flawless
there's my hand over no sutras
where is to laundry you know everybody's
happy because the tie it was gonna
stroke and you touch the pair yeah
because we're on the acceleration side
it's loading on the rear and that is
coming there the wheelie now 6 out of
time around 5 5 I would say 7 7 I
thought it was a really kind of pricing
but you know there is a signature
increase their value so if you have a
look quick look is not too bad but if
you look the perspective is quite a
disaster but anyway their riders have
not fingers when this picture is
actually there was no exhaust pipe
thought it's an electric bike but there
was clutch on the right side so I would
I was not really sure what the bike was
I think a child of nine ten years old
kick them do better but yeah but okay
not so bad
I mean we are a riders with the idea is
there we cannot be tired on there we
need to keep the rest